ethant: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
ethant: This is Ethan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, how are you
ethant: I'm pretty I'm okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's everything going
ethant: Well,
ethant: I'm
ethant: I'm like, kind of easing back into work that's my main that's the thing that was on my mind. The most
Uh huh.
ethant: Yeah, and work has kind of been a little bit rough, I guess, to be honest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why tell me about it.
ethant: Well, I am I'm in a really kind of
ethant: unusual situation because my actually, my job is ending we sold our company.
ethant: This isn't my choice. But when the company was sold
ethant: Like last year. So this year we're kind of at the end of this phase of merging a company together with a company in Germany.
ethant: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so your company was sold and
ethant: So that was about a year ago, and we're in the final or that was like nine months ago, I guess. And so we're in this final three month period or my job is supposed to be all wrapped up by
ethant: Sometime in July, I think.
ethant: So it's really this is a company I've been working for for 10 years. So it's really
ethant: Suited on the one hand it's intensely sad that that
ethant: My job is wrapping up and all these people that I've worked with
ethant: Forever like leaving
ethant: On the other hand, I created all this damage.
ethant: Because I basically my
ethant: Relapse adventure was over the same period. So
ethant: The people in Germany all know me, I'm like one of the leaves of the moon, the VP of the San Francisco based company and they all know me and they they seem to have sort of
ethant: No one's ever
ethant: Had any harsh words with me. So they seem to they kind of know that I'm this like fragile or dealt, you know, they know that I have these like health problems and
ethant: So they're kind of tiptoeing around me in this weird way.
ethant: So I don't know, there's just a lot of and there's a possibility of extending extending my contract there, but I didn't know what rate. I'm going to get and
ethant: If I don't extend my contract. I have to go start looking for a new job. And then there's a huge amount of fear around that. Because like
ethant: I we actually had this incident where my wife and I both got arrested for domestic violence called to the police.
ethant: Have all these like new arrest on my record and I'm sure it's going to impact my job search
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of line of work.
ethant: So I worked in tech i'm a i'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the
ethant: Platform infrastructure group for a dating website.
ethant: So I don't work locally, but they do background checks at these companies, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right on. So it's
ethant: Um, so anyway, it's just this huge jumble of like screwed up relationships and fear around this and here on that one.
It's tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's an opera, there might be an opportunity that you can stay with the company that you're at
ethant: So that's a possibility. I started sort of negotiating with them closing this window.
ethant: started negotiating with them to see if. Really what it is is that like they don't pay the same salaries in Berlin as they do in San Francisco.
ethant: Very high salary.
ethant: I have in terms of the range within the company. I'm at the high end for, you know, I'm not an executive, but I'm like at the highest level for individual contributor, so
ethant: So I've been enjoying the actually gave me these golden handcuffs that so it's really bizarre. I've been like this through this whole relapse. I've had like more money coming in than I've ever made my life and
ethant: The company, pretty much won't fire me no matter what I do because they need me so bad for to like wrap up these final details.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Which is good, but
Um,
ethant: So I don't know. It's just, you know, like
ethant: Especially in the first weeks of like trying to get over. It's like you're revisiting all these relationships that you've like steamrolled over for the light in the last, you know, for as long as you've been using
ethant: Every day is like a new little encounter with somebody who I forgot about or I left hanging. Right. You know, I was basically working in a blackout for like
Months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you still have your job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do some glass. Right.
Like bright sides to it.
ethant: You know making all this money. I shouldn't be complaining about that.
ethant: But I really have to get into action to like
ethant: Get my act together and you know either stay with this company for a little while, or find another job. You know, so there's a lot of like
ethant: Anxiety around that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, stress and fear. Definitely. I don't blame you. Um, you can always you know go just start looking and see what's you know out there just kind of exploring and researching and seeing what's available, you know,
ethant: Yeah, I mean, I realized that it comes down to simple sort of just action, but, um, I don't know, I've been in like damage control mode.
ethant: Sure, um,
ethant: What it's been a couple of weeks or something. Since I sort of stopped and started doing sessions with bright heart, um,
ethant: Which is so that's, that's great. And I can tell like relationship my moods GETTING A LITTLE MORE STEADY and my relationship with my family sort of stabilizing and I kind of cleaned up all the
ethant: Bills and crap. That was a look in the apartment and and some kind of chipping away at it, but it's like
ethant: It sounds so simple, but I just haven't even had an afternoon. You know where I'm like, Okay, time to, like, look for ago you know
I'm busy.
ethant: Well yeah, I mean I'm and I'm also
ethant: Probably you know partially my fault, but just because of the nature of his joggers like any given day there's like five different crises happening happening.
ethant: Part of it is just because that's the way the company operates and part of it is because I screwed up for like several months and left all this stuff in this half finished state and nobody knows what to do and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're cleaning up cleaning up everything at work.
ethant: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's kind of crazy and hectic.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Absorbed many weeks. How many weeks. Have you been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sober
ethant: Like a week and a half or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're like, at the very beginning. I mean, literally, the very beginning of this. So you've just got to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: one foot in front of the other. Right now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you have some time to start exploring online, you know, for your type of work and what's available and just start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Looking, you know, you still have some months that you don't have to, you know, worry about it, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely just exploring and putting your feet out there, but don't make it to a point that it stresses you out. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you have plenty of time and just keeping your options open and taking a look and seeing what's available and in order to mean just doing what you're doing. I'm really and if you get to a point where you feel like it's stressing you out back off a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, get back right back to the basics to the beginning, you know, things, making sure you know that you are eating healthy and that you're sleeping enough and you know where's your emotions. You know how they've been sitting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, paying attention to those things is just as important to not one of the most you know definitely some of the most important things when when you change your life like you happen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of give yourself time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
ethant: Yeah, I know. I have a friend who's been sober for 20 years or something. And he's, he has this he says that however long you are marching walking into the forest. When you turn around, it's going to take you that long to walk out of the forest.
ethant: Which
ethant: Like I found it to be roughly true
ethant: In the path, like, as you know, I've been sober for long periods of time, but
ethant: You get your life gets your problems get compound on one on top of one another and
ethant: It's just like everything my relationships, my legal problems. My
ethant: Just finances.
ethant: Family, the stuff of my wife does everything just sort of was totally fucked like two weeks ago now.
ethant: Slightly better but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work in Progress now work in progress, you know, and that's just where you've got to keep it in order. I mean, it's a work in progress, you know, don't try to to run forward or try to do things ahead of time. But really, just put one foot in front of the other and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, do it one day at a time and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it sounds like you cleaning things up at work.
Right, making things better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But what
ethant: Yeah, I said, yeah, I was agreeing with you, um,
ethant: It's, it's been hard like it was a little bit of like a deadlock of like
ethant: Things are so screwed up. It took me like
ethant: Three. It took me like five days to, like, read on my email and like figure out what was going on. But so I don't know if I talked to you like a couple days ago, I'd be even more stress, but now I'm like okay there's like these are the three top crises and I have to work on these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which makes sense, you know, staying busy too is a good thing. So, you know, it's probably a good thing that you're busy at work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that you're able to go back in and clean up these things and and fix some of these things, you know. So a lot of people they don't have that chance it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they lose their job and their addiction and, you know, they lose the relationships and they lose the house and they lose all these things. And you've been able to get to a point where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You haven't lost that yet. Yep. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it gets it does get better, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to keep doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I go to meetings.
ethant: Know come pretty turned off by I haven't found any meetings where I feel comfortable. I haven't gone in a while, but I went like when this relapse started, I was in and out of the rooms for like a, you know, three, three to six months.
ethant: I got this like hardcore book Thumper sponsor and and we read the book kind of slowly and met every week for several months and finally got to the third step, and he's like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He didn't want to do it unless
ethant: I was serious, you know, unless I was serious about it and I just couldn't look into the I realized like, I don't really actually believe in the
ethant: Book. So I was like, no, you know, I guess I can't really tell you though. I'm gonna surrender myself and like
ethant: And
ethant: And so, yeah, it kind of fell apart there. And anybody that was kind of like a I have like one friend who's, who has the same story that I do.
ethant: But he was over in a for many years and
ethant: He relaxed. But then when he tried to go back. It's like everybody's SPEAKING GREEK AND IT JUST DOESN'T you realize how much
ethant: You kind of were pretending that
ethant: The first time around.
ethant: Yeah, I mean, it's funny people
ethant: And I know that probably send it to some people. Sounds like intellectual pride or whatever. But like, and literally like
ethant: Why, if I were to get up in a meeting and say that I'm working with steps, not working for me and all this. I can't know it would be like lying because I don't really believe in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would tell me what part. You certainly
ethant: Tell you, when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well part you struggle with.
ethant: What part I started with. I don't know if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: you struggle with. Sorry.
ethant: Oh, well. It was the
ethant: Mean specifically is like the language around the steps in God and stuff that that um
ethant: That I
ethant: Have a big problem with okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like what kind of language.
ethant: I don't know, though, like powerlessness and surrender and all that stuff.
ethant: Father and like we are his children. It's like I've been sober for 10 years and like I kind of said that even though I didn't believe it, but now I'm like, No, I don't believe it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and here's the thing is that your belief system as yours and you get to form your recovery around whatever that is. Right. It's funny because I just had this conversation the other day with somebody else. And we really kind of dissected the, the word powerlessness, a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And one thing that that kind of stuck out was that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The phrase in it says that we were not that we are but that
We were
ethant: Interesting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so just that just that one word change.
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it gives it a whole different understanding because if you think about it, your life was chaos, you know, your work was going, you know, going down hill your relationship with the word going down hill.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But they're not now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right. And so it made even more sense to me to after I read it and it is kind of a cycle of chaos, you know, really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't even really, you know, realize that that's what's going on. And again, you know, you are kind of the exception because most people have to lose everything before they finally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, get it and you know you've been able to say, yeah, this is enough. I need to get back, you know, on the right track.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so there's that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And a lot of people do have issues with the God thing you know it is. It does feel like it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Christian based, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
ethant: There's another there's like an alternative one that's like more Buddhist, apparently, but it's also very, it's very strict about sobriety. It's like
ethant: They're
ethant: In this sponsorship structure and all that kind of stuff. Right.
ethant: Having wrong right what what's up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Referee. It's called refuge for recovery. I can't speak. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what it's called. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, so I could, I mean that's on me is that I really could be more active. And I also had been a smart recovery meetings I actually kind of like this.
ethant: So I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going back
ethant: Yeah, I haven't made any commit like specific commitments of anybody or or myself but um
ethant: But
ethant: Yeah, I've been like I'm sort of like, Oh, I should do that.
ethant: Friday might be a good day to do that.
ethant: Every meeting that I've never been to that I hear is really good on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So maybe that should be your commitment for the week.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: You know what, that's a good idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is to do that, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was I gonna say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many you had you had 10 years sober.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: I had like more than 10 years. I mean, I lost track. I don't know. It was like between 10 and 15 like 11 or 12
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. And how did you do it.
ethant: What the beginning I was really desperate for the four years, one and two. I was just, I was so desperate is that time I lost my place to live and stuff, or I was right on the edge of losing my place to live. So I I'm
ethant: I was way past losing the job and all that.
ethant: So I was a little bit more desperate and I
ethant: I can't remember at the beginning. Did I go to a six month program and man.
ethant: I've been to lots of programs, though in my life. Um, but yeah, I just got willing and I started going to in a me that's the other thing is that a meeting every day. I can't quite get that's like
ethant: I don't
ethant: Have enough years of sobriety where I wasn't where a wasn't the first thing in my life.
ethant: That's what struck me where I'm like a kind of want to get back what I had, you know, I was in pretty good shape.
ethant: I wasn't driving drunk. I didn't. There were no major, major problems. I just like I had this combination of like a surgery and
ethant: You know, major change at work and these things like multiple things kind of happened at the same time and not sort of knocked me out of my recovery.
ethant: Add this new you know my my marriage of my wife and she was like she kind of got to the point where she was like, encouraging she you know she didn't realize how serious this variety was
ethant: So I don't know, is this crazy come combination of things that are going to knock me out of the off the path.
ethant: It's like, I don't want, I want to get back to that. But I'm like I wasn't going to seven meetings a day for, like, years and years and years. And so I don't just have such a heart, you know, and they're telling you you have to do that.
ethant: Or you're going to go. I
ethant: Know, so if you start going six or five days a week and then suddenly you drink, they're like, well, there you go. You know, you were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are those judgment of people yes I do agree but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that it's theirs. They're purely suggestions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if they if somebody is taking up above and beyond and saying that this is what you have to do, you know, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, not so there
ethant: You don't say it is what you have to do, but they say if I'm going to work with you, your spot.
ethant: Okay, great. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These are my expectations and what I
ethant: Pull that appear to be doing.
ethant: Some, like I actually read on Reddit like
ethant: Some guy was like yeah, just go to a just totally ignore everything like all the stuff about the steps in the book and the sponsorship and just everybody. Hey, we already talked about smart recovery. And there's other options.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there definitely is. But, you know, tell me. Um, so you were able to maintain for the first couple years going to meetings and doing all of that. But how did you maintain for the last five
ethant: I just sort of got in the right patterns. Yeah, I like my job. I get
ethant: You know, I had so much of a life that
ethant: And I'm it's weird, like you can just relax. I didn't. I don't like to drink anymore.
ethant: I'll call is like not something that attracts me
ethant: So when and if you're not doing alcohol, you have to kind of go out of your way to like be in a situation where you're tempted by like anything else. Right, right. So, I DON'T KNOW YOU JUST I WAS JUST, sir.
ethant: I was utterly convinced that are not even convinced like i don't i'm not i don't want to drink. I don't like
ethant: It seems like
ethant: yucky.
ethant: So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me a little more information on your that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where do I start
ethant: I keep tracing it back to the surgery.
ethant: But really, so it was a surgery and at around the same time. My primary care had prescribed me anxiety. Medic like take it as much as you know QED.
ethant: benzodiazepine like because I was
ethant: Having
ethant: I was having panic attacks.
ethant: And we tried all these other things and then like he gave me these pills and like once in two or three months. I just have these episodes.
ethant: And so one time I had an episode and I took the pill and and like I went to sleep and and then I woke up and I felt fine and it's like I feel like I'm having fit you know at the time. I don't know if I still like
ethant: So anyway, that was one thing that there was sort of like so.
ethant: That was like a change like I wouldn't, I wasn't doing that when like earlier in sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
ethant: And then the other thing that happened was my surgery. And then I got all these great pain meds.
ethant: And I got kind of fascinated with like pills and I started searching and like reading about all the pill dealers on Reddit and everything.
ethant: And I always thought it was like those things. Plus, my wife, who was like I described, like we've been married at that point for like six or seven years.
ethant: And she
ethant: wasn't convinced that I like that. I'm an addict or she didn't understand really from in my case, you know,
ethant: Actually for much of the it was, it wasn't until like the end of she kind of halfway into this year long period. She was like, wow, it makes you happier here. Like, you know,
ethant: There's absolutely there is a positive part of, like, all this druggies for you, like, I see this like more inspiring part of your personality that didn't used to come out before so I took her a while to kind of took her. We had to see a lot of consequences before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
ethant: You know, she started she
ethant: Realized that it's better for me to steer clear of all that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
ethant: Process for both of us. Anyway, those are kind of the ingredients.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Opiates
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And alcohol attach they affect the same receptors in your brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It makes perfect sense that after you had surgery, you're on pain meds. You know those little receptors, they will go up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and so there they are alive and well and then add let's add some benzo to it to, you know, which is a horrible cocktail, you know, definitely. It's, it's definitely a risk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For OD those two together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But then, let's add alcohol into a to, you know, so you've got three depressants on board.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As a
ethant: Drink. I'm telling you, like the only time I drank I drank like this whole relapse. A great like three times.
Maybe something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So explain it to me walk me through it a little bit.
ethant: Walk you through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The first time that you drink.
ethant: That I drank specifically
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. In this relax knowing
ethant: Only reason I would drink as if I was doing cocaine, because I would get so like sort of over take a huge dose of cocaine and like my heart's racing in my body so tense that I'd have to, I was just looking for medicine to like try
ethant: To calm my body down. That's the only reason I would pick up alcohol.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you were doing coke before you were doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is your story you relapsed on what Coke and then I'll go. Whoa.
Oh,
ethant: There's the pills. It was like, oh, I could I could
ethant: Get some pain pills. I couldn't tell you exactly when the first time I managed to buy some I bought them on the street.
ethant: Or know there's a there's a buddy of mine, he's sober sober for
ethant: Almost as long as I was drinking drinking using but
ethant: I don't know. There was like a friend in my life who is like an active alcoholic who had all these connections to like deal arisen.
ethant: See think that was another little part of the part of the
ethant: Part of the process that you know the relapse process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is your volume up the streets when I couldn't get them from the doctor.
ethant: Oh no, I had this friend like era, I had this person in my life who like I was witnessing him using and trying to get sober, but he had all these connections. Right, so like
ethant: For example, you're asking me, how did I first relax, like I might have called him up and said like, Hey, give me the number of your dealer or something. I can't remember the exact like sequence of events at this point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, to really stop and dissect and take a look at, you know, the picture as a whole because what we want to do is put I call them roadblocks in place. So when, if you have those situations. Again, you'll know you'll have these blocks in place and you'll know exactly what to do. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely opiates surgeries, you know, that definitely can put anybody that suffers from addiction, you know, on in high risk situations and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, one thing is you know if you have any medical conditions, you know, coming up in the near future to, you know, make sure that you have an accountability, buddy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Somebody that can help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help you with your pain meds and monitor and you feel free to be able to talk to if if you start having thoughts of getting getting them from a dealer or, or, you know, continuing in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With bentos it's really a risk. If you take them a lot because they're of usable. They're addictive and they are so hard to detox from when you become physically addictive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it seems to be a longer drawn out process, then you know a lot of the other substances and and so really paying attention. Are you currently taking the business Benz's
ethant: So I have a current prescription, but I don't. I haven't been taking them or I guess so. In the past week like since
ethant: I'm
ethant: So since I started talking to Braveheart I've taken like one day I took one. And on another day took a half
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day.
ethant: That was, that was, I was like, last week, so it's been like, I don't know. It's been seven days since I took it, something like that.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just, you know, be really aware, you know, if you're taking him every day, you know,
ethant: That's a I am pretty keenly aware of that slippery slope. But I really I like what you said about the roadblock. Because realistically, I have this all started because of my medical problems.
ethant: Right. One way to look at it. I have legitimate anxiety I have legitimate pain, pain sometimes like when I had the surgery or
ethant: I get these I have Chiari malformation, I have this other thing that makes me jerk my head to the side of always forgetting what it's called. It's a call.
To come in.
ethant: Have you heard of this before. It's like, where you have this twitch.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't even think of what the one that I do. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Contracts, no it's not Tourette's because you yeah
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tourette's is allowed.
Here.
ethant: We go in, I am I get both four times a year. I go in and get a Botox treatment in my neck to try to treat those
ethant: It's a spinal like neck condition.
ethant: Anyway, um, when the neurologist figured out that I have it. They're like, oh, and the problem with it is, it can cause pain and it isn't for me right now. Right. So, but later in my life I could. It's
ethant: It's for I think it's, it tends to develop and get worse. So I don't know. We're trying to manage it with the Botox. But anyway, I just like what you said about the roadblocks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, thought blocks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really, you know, and knowing you know and really paying attention. You know when you're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those types of situations, your medical stuff comes up medical stuffs always going to come up. We're always going to have these things that's going to require us to be on this matter that met or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what I hear is that you were comfortable in your life and everything's going fine you know you're sober you doing the deal you live in, and you had the surgery, you got the payments for the surgery and that kind of opened up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The door a little bit. It kind of woke back up. You know what you had laid dormant for a while.
ethant: He was the combination of things really that will get back out. But once I was fully woken up and I engaged with it, then it was like, I didn't have
ethant: It took a long time for me to become convinced again that
ethant: There's no, there's no path here where it's not going to end in misery.
ethant: Right. You know, I was like, Oh, I've never really had a big problem with opiates.
ethant: Like I've always been, it's always been cocaine or alcohol. So I'll just try like taking opiates and I'll be all about it. And, you know, take them once it once a month or something like that.
ethant: And today, that should be fine for me and actually did that for a while and then like I don't know, I just got on a roll with
It.
ethant: It's, it's not so much about God, or like powerlessness or anything. I think of it is just like patterns like life patterns with my thinking. Yeah, it's like
ethant: The problem is that with all these substances and my personality. I get in a pattern where I take enough of it that it messes up my thinking my decision making and I decided to sort of like an endless cycle.
ethant: Right.
ethant: It's really simple, like I got they're using these drugs and I've gotten they're using other drugs and it's like, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that bottom line, and even his addiction. Yeah, and you know there is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's three phases to relapse. Also, you know, there's the mental, emotional, and then the physical
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you're in risky situations when you know you've got a lot of stress going on when relationships are are stressful or work is stressful, or you're not eating right, you're not, you know, sleeping enough. Those are stressful risky situations.
ethant: It was this amazing combination of things.
ethant: Like I because I are just described to you that one of the ingredients in this was my job. Suddenly was ending
ethant: With a stable job for 10 years and all of a sudden I learned, like how you're going to be ever. Right. So that was another one of the ingredients in
ethant: In the sort of setting the stage for that.
ethant: Again,
ethant: Go down this road, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so really taking a look at the stressful stuff that was going on in your life and knowing that those are risks. Those are high risk areas you know I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
ethant: I'm still in the high risk area. The one ingredient that's changed as my wife is now convinced that I can't like these guys.
ethant: And that's a big deal that my wife's Steve she won't be supportive of me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: She was, she was totally fine with it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Much not so and that that's
ethant: I don't want to sound codependent but that that in and of itself, my major.
ethant: Difference.
ethant: She has a big influence on me. It's funny, she's half my age, but she like
ethant: Because we're partners and were together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: EVERYBODY LIKE.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How it should be right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely back and forth. That's how chippy
ethant: Why I like
ethant: The little her already or be like I'm though I should be the strong one. And the relationship but
ethant: Definitely. She's like she has a big impact on my life.
ethant: So I'm not, I don't mean to sound like
ethant: I'm not very masculine or
ethant: Did you cut off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey there.
I'm here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of drive me crazy. Um,
ethant: I don't know if it's your internet or mine or combination
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I might spend been playing games with me all day long. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know what is going on with it. But, um, anyways. What I was trying to say is that a partnership is 5050 and so you know it's good that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You both should have that influence over each other. You know what I mean.
ethant: Yeah, yeah, I did. And I was trying to say that I said something that sounded like I'm like the big man in the relationship or that's not really not the way that I think so. I didn't need to frame it that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all right. That's all right. I get it. Okay, so we need to work on paying attention to your thoughts and we need to work on paid attention to when you're stressed out, we need to work on making sure that you are putting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Semi healthy food in your body you're drinking enough water, and that you're getting enough sleep at night because those are the core core elements, you know, self care.
ethant: Is so concurrently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you find your emotions, a little crazy, you know, do a check in with yourself, what am I eating today. What am I doing today, how much sleep. Did I get in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is everything okay at home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really just kind of be easy, you know, with yourself, making sure. Well, I haven't eaten today so I better go, you know, get a meal me or I have a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Drink one glass of water today, so I need to get some more water in me, but really paying attention to that piece because when you pay attention to that piece everything around you just kind of flourishes. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then paying attention to your thought process, you know, any, anything that tells you it's a good idea to drink or use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That your, your disease talking in here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you've got to be able to identify those that thought process, you know and be able to stop it and say, nope, not going to go down. We're not going to do it.
ethant: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and really be able to play the tape forward in your head and say, well, if I do do this. These are the, you know, things at home. We're going to get worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to lose this and this and this, you know, but really pay attention to changing that thought process when it, when it if you know it comes. If you have those barriers in place and you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know that you do if you have those thoughts. It's easy to to reverse them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But part of it too is when we get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Comfortable in life and just doing life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we forget that we have that peace inside of us that can just open up and take us places that we really don't want to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's why it's so important that we pay attention to it and opiates and do attack the same receptors that alcohol does. So you're susceptible either which way you go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And actually there's called there's something called cross addiction to where you can actually become addicted to another substance than what your primary substance was so you know that's why they say abstinence is the best
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your case, with having Benz's on board. You're taking them as needed. You're not overmedicating you're not taking them on a regular basis and just make sure you're staying with that pattern and you're not
ethant: Yeah, I am.
ethant: I'm gonna lean on my wife for support with that I've kind of been doing that a little bit already but and you guys, I've been like every meeting I had with you or it's it's come up the bend the benzo thing comes up.
ethant: Yeah, I mean, to be honest.
ethant: The it's someone. It's so tricky because you know when I stuck when I got a regular prescription for them. You know why. Actually, it was an off label thing because I so other than the surgery I have these migraines surgery. There's the dystonia remember the word
ethant: Um, it's this thing that neurological condition that I have. And then the my migraines, which
ethant: Prior to finding the different medicines that work like I was
ethant: Missing like two, three days of work, a month.
ethant: Because I was constantly having these like serious migraines.
ethant: And that, that's why I have the prescription for the lenses, is that there they turns out it doesn't, you have to do some searching to like learn about this, but like they're kind of they're not a first line of defense. But there are a miracle drug when it comes to to migraines, um,
ethant: So when I get a bad migraine. This is what happened last week I had a really, I had a bad migraine data was so bad that my the migraine medicine. I have didn't work.
ethant: You know, I took it. I drink a bunch of water. I like laid in bed and waited for an out, you know, to try to relax for an hour and it still didn't work. And then I take a half of a Klonopin and it like totally fixes my headache and allows let's meet to me like relax and go to sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To function.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you're you're using a message as prescribed you're using them for good. You're not abusing him. Um, but just you gotta pay attention in case you do start if it starts coming up, because you know our digital grab ahold of anything, you know,
ethant: I know I caught myself. Um, this was kind of hard for me because I, you know, three weeks ago, or whatever. I was my own doctor and I had every drug, you can think of.
ethant: So I would take like uppers to go to start working or, you know, take downers to go to sleep at night. I take over it taking opiates, kind of like constantly throughout the day.
ethant: And a lot of it.
ethant: And it didn't work. And then I'm going to say that it worked. But there were days where it appeared that it was kind of working right.
ethant: So then after I
ethant: Got into shape a couple weeks ago. I'm laying in bed and I. So one of the side effects or something, I don't know what's going on. But I have like really bad whole body tremors.
ethant: I told Mary Kastner about them, but I like Twitch, all of a sudden like my whole body and never done that before. It's like this is a new thing. So I don't know if it's a reaction to the medication that she prescribed to me in the Suboxone but um
ethant: I realized when I was laying in bed. Oh, this is a kind of thing that Ben's. Those are great for they totally stop, I'm like twitches and seizure. So, you know, this is a this is really bugging me so I'm going to take and then I had to stop myself and I look at the bottom, it says like
ethant: Take as needed for anxiety. I'm like, Well, I guess I don't feel anxiety right now so I'm
ethant: Like, I can't. I had to not take the medicine that I'm proud. I'm like, You know what, that was the right thing to do. I have to talk to the doctor before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that is, that was the right thing to do, definitely because you again, you want to really be careful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And knowing that you know you are highly susceptible to start, you know, I'm using them as a crutch, and you don't want to let them work for what they're supposed to talk to Mary, you know, let her help you in this area, any issues with your Suboxone
ethant: Um,
ethant: Yeah, there's a couple things. I'm worried about like
ethant: So Mary increased my dosage when in the second week I was taking eight milligrams last week. And then I saw her on Monday, and she increase it from eight to 12
Per day
ethant: And I think I'm just sort of stabilizing on that right now. It's Wednesday.
ethant: So it's a couple days later.
ethant: So I don't know. I'm, I, I've been worried that it's gonna, it's a high dose. It's going to be even harder for me to get off of. And I wasn't sure that I really needed it and
ethant: I'm getting so I stuck a runny nose, all it today. Maybe the runny nose is a little bit better but I'm
ethant: Getting the twitching thing.
ethant: I don't know.
ethant: Suboxone side effect or what the heck that is. But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I haven't heard of it being
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A side effect of Suboxone I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely something to bring up to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why did she
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was the reason that she increased her dose.
ethant: I think she didn't tell me clearly that anyone reason but I started out the session describing my headache Day, which was just was the day prior to my meeting with her. So I had like six okay days, you know, I mean, it was horrible. Because I mean, they're all hard days. Recently, but
ethant: I'd six days with no migraines. And then I had a migraine day and then I met Mary, and so I have like my nose is running. I'm talking about this horrible day with the migraine is so cheap. I don't know. I think she just looked at me and thought I needed more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, let's try this one more time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the Day, the day after you have your microphone is when you met with Mary and she update you are just induced though on Suboxone because you've only just started working with bright heart so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes perfect sense. So you were still in your induction phase.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and you know 12 milligram really isn't a high dose.
ethant: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and how have you been, as far as any cravings, anything like that came up
No.
ethant: I don't have cravings, the closest things to cravings that I have are like it kind of
ethant: It's not that I want to take deep take drugs, but
ethant: I have been looking at the
ethant: Life. I'm probably going to live when I'm sober and wondering like, do I really want that that life.
ethant: I don't know, like, you know, I live in the city. It's like hyper competitive and busy and everyone has kids and it's like no one has a minute to breathe, like in the middle of the day and so
ethant: I, my wife wants to buy a house and you know we both kind of want to have kids. And, um, so I don't know.
ethant: I have like some apprehension about succeeding or do I really want that or they don't even really want that life, to start with, to begin with.
ethant: Can I keep it up and compete.
ethant: In San Francisco and make enough money to like have a house and kids here and like and
ethant: Keep my sanity. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Life gets busy, that's for sure. And the cost of living is insane.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't put your foot so far in the future. Yep. You know what I mean, just try to walk through what you're doing right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm because
It's enough
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you're in the very beginning of this whole thing again and you know you want to just really take it easy, try to focus on self care, try to focus on, you know, changing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Changing that thought process around it. But really, just for today. And even if you have those thoughts, just think of it for today. This is what I'm going to do right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just add
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
ethant: That's good advice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just for today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, gotta worry about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And before you know it, you'll have more days and then you'll be able to you know you and your wife will be able to make a decision that's going to work out for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you guys, you know, and maybe the city isn't the best place maybe there should be some suburban live in or some country live in, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know is that life does get hectic and it does get busy and you just got to make sure you know Ethan That you are really taking care of yourself. You know, you know, okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're actually you're actually action step for this week was what
ethant: I was supposed to come up. I was looking at my notes and it says, think about a specific goal or thing to work on.
ethant: Um,
ethant: And so I was thinking about that at the beginning of the session and I, the best I could come up with was
ethant: sorting out my stress around work, and I think we started talking about that for most of the beginning of the session. And as I appreciate what you said is that
ethant: Obviously you can look at where I where I am. And it's easy to get caught up in like
ethant: A lot of future tripping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but it is for everybody. You don't. I mean, it's tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But when you've got that doomsday coming on top of it, you know, and
ethant: And like I have this theory that my I live in a rent controlled apartment and I have this theory that something's going to happen on this building.
ethant: Sooner rather than later. And it's likely that we're going to lose this like reasonably priced place to live and then it'll be real like
ethant: Really interesting
ethant: So I'm just like, I'm so I'm unsure of the future with my legal problems and getting a new job or my legal history, I should say, and getting a new job. And then if he stayed with all these meds and getting my mind back together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got to really real. Your brain in and just really focus, bring it back in today. You know what I mean. Get it back into today because that can you can be lost in a rabbit hole. If you stay in the future too long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For today, you still you have your place to live. You have your job you're, you know, you're sober. Today you are working on you. You are relationships are getting better. So you have all this positive stuff. And, you know, just to throw this out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no but nobody's future is guaranteed. You're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can work if you think about it, we can work for 20 years at the same job just dedicated 90 you know 99.9% of our life to work and one day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's gone or one day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: hurricane hits or Wednesday. You know what I mean. But if we continually live in the what ifs or in the future. It really robs us from what's going on right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, same thing with the past. If you stay in the past few long you totally robbing yourself of what's going on in this moment, you know, and so just you gotta reel, those, those thoughts back to now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really take, you know, take that daily inventory. If you find yourself getting stressed out about the UNKNOWN of the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really just saying today. It's not happening today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a little bit of time. I can do some research. It's like calming yourself down in your head, bringing you back into into right now and keeping it out of there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that'll cause anxiety and stress and migraines.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
ethant: Maybe I could like augment the journal that I'm already doing. And like use it for like a some sort of like focus on today.
ethant: Or
ethant: Something like meditation, kind of thing on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on today journaling down exactly, especially when your thoughts are going in the future and you feel your anxiety, raise your stress raise you know that's a good idea. You know, to write in your journal and say these are what I have for today. This is what I'm doing today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it if you do the work and you continue doing the work, things will fall into place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really, honestly, we don't have control over the future. We don't have control over the past the past is done. It's written that chapters over with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The future hasn't been written yet. So you have no idea. You might win the lottery in a week, you might, you know what I mean, there's all these variables that that are unknowns.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I said in unknowns.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's easier to sit in the knowns.
ethant: Yeah, I appreciate that I haven't another I'll come. I'll let myself go there some other time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So next week. This time, this place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your action step for this week is writing in your journal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Daily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep it in today. When you find your thoughts going in the future reel it back in today.
ethant: Right journal daily focus on today. Check thoughts going into future
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and really monitor. If you start having any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any thoughts of using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like you caught yourself with your lenses, which was really cool that you were able to, you know, evaluate that before you just took them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just got to keep doing that. Keep self checking yourself and monitor yourself, you know. Yeah.
ethant: Okay, and I'll journal about it. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we will talk about it next week. Cool. All right.
ethant: I'm one. I know. It's like right at the end here, but I have one concern about the schedule for my meds.
What's that
ethant: So I met with Mary on the 17th.
ethant: And she gave me a 10 day supply with zero refills, but also told me that she's going to be out of town.
ethant: So the next time, I'm going to talk to anyone is on the 24th, I have a group with you. I think
ethant: Right. Yeah. And then on the 25th 26 or 27th or something my meds are gonna run out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On the 24th what I what I do after group is I send an email to her and to the virtual clinic and let them know that you're going to need a refill.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so when we see each other on the 24th. I'll ask how many, how many pills you have if yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gosh.
ethant: That's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so, um, when I see you in group that's when I report back and let them know and then your prescription will be refilled from that point forward. Cool. Okay.
ethant: Okay, good. I'm I can not have to worry about it until Monday, then yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't even worry about it.
ethant: Hey, how long is the group. It starts at four right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now we're
ethant: On our calls, it's not that big, or is it big.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it depends. Sometimes I'll have anywhere from seven to 13 people in there so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It depends. It
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Depends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
ethant: Cool. Well, I look forward to seeing you in for group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will see you Monday and you have a great week.
ethant: Yep. Same to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll talk to you later.